hey what's up this is Jared with the
iPhone app podcast today we're gonna
take a look at an app called scoops
which is a game it's so much fun I've
had this app actually for oh gosh like
omen probably almost two weeks now I've
just been playing it a lot so basically
the object of the game is to rotate your
phone and catch more ice cream ice cream
scoops on your phone on your phone on
your cone and not catch the onions and
tomatoes and the other things that fall
out of the air so what's neat is that as
you get more scoops like you know it
kind of creates a combo because the more
the more scoops that you land the faster
it starts to go now I have never like
beat the game or whatnot but I have
gotten pretty high combos which is fun
because it just starts going so fast and
then obviously when you get an onion or
one of the other items that is not a ice
cream scoop on top of your cone it
resets your your number up there on the
top and it just starts getting difficult
I mean as it gets higher and higher it
gets more and more difficult and it just
it's a lot of fun it's just it doesn't I
I mean I'm sure it has sound if I turned
on my sound the other it is oh so
disturbing when you get one of the
onions on top of your stack and it
starts you over and you'll notice that
actually takes away from one of your
life so you have a star over here so
there's only so many there's only so
many times that you can screw up ah dang
it
so you can see it's kind of it's
difficult it's challenging and that's
what I enjoy about is that it's a fun
easy to play challenging game not too
much of a learning curve which we all
know that's good with me because
I'm just not that good at games so
anyhow you see the point of the game
it's just to you know catch ice cream
falling ice cream cones on your
following ice cream scoops on your ice
cream cone oh goodness
yeah so there's my high score and I can
click continue and then and then enter
my you know enter my name or whatnot and
then when you're done you're done so
that's pretty much the game but it is a
lot of fun scoops is a lot of fun and
very you know challenging it's one of
those games where you and a friend could
just play and try to beat each other's
high score very simple doesn't take a
lot of time you know to really just
enjoy this game so that's what I like is
games that are quick fun when you only
have a couple of minutes to kill it's a
game you could fire up quickly and play
and just enjoy you know a fun easy to
play game so that's what scoops is all
about so definitely check it out that's
available in the App Store and you can
if you get a high score like just and
you just end up being insanely good you
need to come to the iPhone app - iPhone
app podcast.com go to the page where
scoops is and put in your score so that
I could just like live vicariously
through your high scores so anyhow
that's gonna do it for today's review
this is Jared with the iPhone app
podcast